---
title: "Conformal Prediction for STL Runtime Verification."
date: 2024-11-21 00:00:00 +0530
categories: [Project]
tags: [Embedded systems, course project]
---
In this blog post, I’ll walk through the details of a project I worked on as part of the **CS637 - Embedded and Cyber-Physical Systems** course. The project focuses on the use of **Conformal Prediction for Signal Temporal Logic (STL) Runtime Verification**, a method that enhances the robustness of runtime verification in safety-critical systems.

## About the Project

Runtime verification is a lightweight formal method used to verify system behaviors during execution. In this project, we explored how **Conformal Prediction** can be applied to improve STL-based runtime verification. Conformal prediction provides a statistically valid way to assign confidence levels to predictions, which is crucial in verifying the correctness of critical systems while they are running.

### Key Highlights:
- **Paper:** We presented a detailed theoretical framework and case studies demonstrating how conformal prediction can be used for STL runtime verification.
- **Implementation:** We recreated the code implementation from the paper to ensure that the results are reproducible and to gain a deeper understanding of the method.
- **Presentation:** As part of our course work, we also presented the findings, discussed challenges, and showcased the implementation results.

## Repository Structure

If you are interested in exploring the project further,here is the link to my github repository: [Conformal Prediction for STL Runtime Verification](https://github.com/praneatdata/conformal-prediction-STL.git)

## Acknowledgments
We extend our gratitude to the CS637 course instructor, Prof. Indranil Saha for his guidance and feedback during the project.
